# Node.js Mentorship Program
## To Do
- [x] Write paragraph describing reason for applying & desired outcomes
- [x] Open issue, create & merge pull request adding [Node.js Code of Conduct](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nodejs/admin/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

## Reasoning
For the past 3 years, I've worked as the IT Director and Programming teacher at Xavier High School, Micronesia. Building on a base of tech skills and CS fundamentals that I developed in a boot camp program, I taught myself Linux and Network administration and worked to deliver a rich Python and Bash based programming elective to 11th and 12th graders on a purpose built Raspberry Pi lab cluster. I've had extraordinary opportunities to build all of this in an essentially green-field environment, and with the responsibility to figure out every piece of the stack from wiring up ethernet jacks to the end GUIs for web apps on the campus intranet. Because of the school's extremely limited budget and situation in an under-developed regional economy, one of my main guiding design principles has always been to build an entirely FOSS-based infrastructure.  It's been a tremendously rewarding process, and I've loved the demands to adapt and learn with so much breadth. 

The tradeoff to all of this autonony, and the need for my growth and professional development that I'm extremely eager to address, is that I have been working without mentorship and outside the structures of an already defined system for doing and maintaining things. While I have made efforts to implement these things for myself and whoever will inherit the things I've built, I know that these are things best learned by working under the leadership of a well-established team of senior devs and project architects. based on my experience preparing for the Linux Foundation Node.Js certification exams, I believe the structures and community that have built Node.Js into such an essential codebase for so many porgrammers around the world represent the perfect environment in which to advance rapdily in this essential direction. Finally, after all of the good various open source communities have provided for me and those around me over the past 3 years (particularly around issues of support and documentation), I am especially eager to become a contribuor and do my part in helping us all to do even better. But like a lot of new and aspiring contributors, I feel unsure about how to start. I know that  participating in the Node.js menorship program will thorw me in the deep end and clear up this hesitancy very quickly.
